# Week of 1/22/2024 - 1/28/2024

## Meeting Start Time
2024/01/23/17:00

## Meeting End Time
2024/01/23/18:45

## Location/Medium
CS Lounge & Microsoft Teams

## Present
Ameco, Austen (Microsoft Teams)
Brennan, Haley, Yabets (CS Lounge)

## Minute Recorder
Haley

## Topics Discussed
* Style Quiz Questions
  * What's your name?
  * How old are you?
  * What are your favorite brands?
  * What size fits you best?
    * Shirt size (XXS - 4XL)
    * Normal pant size (00 - 24)
    * Other pant size (23-40)
  * What shoe size fits you best?
  * What are you looking for? (style)
  * What are you not looking for? (style)
  * Is there a specific season you're looking for?
  * Which of these best describes you? (style)
  * How would you like your clothes to fit?
  * What style of dresses do you like to wear?
  * What style of jeans do you like to wear?
  * What is your preferred jean rise?
  * What sort of shoes do you like?
  * How much would you like to spend, per item?
  * Are there any patterns you want to avoid?
    * Machine learning, image analyzing
  * Are there any colors you want to avoid?
  * Are there any material you want to avoid?
  * Are there any style features you want to avoid?
* Write responses to style quiz to database
* Points system for style profile
  * Add points for clicking link to item
* Filtering algorithms
  * Buzzwords
* Cart
  * Each item can be added to cart
  * Once finished user will see a list of items with individual links
* Went over feedback from Duncan
* Add feature to clear style quiz results
* Scheduling meeting with Ergin
  * Not too Friday

## Things Clarified
* Moving from SQL to MongoDB
* Reached out to Anna to schedule showing of 3rd iteration on 1/23/24

## Tasks Distributed
* Ameco - Algorithm 
* Austen - Fixing shopping cart so that links could be added properly, moving onto algorithm after
* Brennan - Algorithm, research image analyzing options
* Haley - Fix account details page, moving onto algorithm after
* Yabets - Style quiz, moving onto algorithm after