# Client Meeting on 9/28/2023

## Meeting Start Time
2023/09/28/15:00

## Meeting End Time
2023/09/28/15:40

## Location/Medium
Zoom

## Present
Haley, Brennan, Austen, Ameco, Yabets, Anna, Jeff

## Minute Recorder
Haley

## Topics Discussed
* Introductions 
* How Everewear was started and Anna's journey with it
* How the application would run - A user would not be able to see inventory before creating a profile.
They would then be asked a series of questions that are both binary and subjective to collect 60 data points. From there 
30 item recommendations would be made for the user.
* Cloud system - No preference by client
* Expectations for 1st iteration - The backend will not be ready at this point, so the focus will be on the front-end.
We can create a fake database to use as needed during this process. 
* Operating costs - Limit would be at a few hundred dollars. Expected to be comped for a lot of expenses due to being a start-up.
* Cart system - How to handle inventory once an item has been bought, but is in another user's cart. Jeff is interested to see 
how we would be able to display a message to the user that they need to purchase ASAP, but not be pushy about it. Not sure if 
Shop Goodwill will allow us to put a hold on inventory.
* Possibility of creating a "like" or "favorites" feature.

## Things Clarified
* For the time being, focus is going to be on the front-end
* Browser plugin - Do not need to worry about, focus on responsive design
* Do not have to use Ruby on Rails
* Java on backend is fine
* Inventory needs to be scrolling (like YouTube), not Page1, Page2, etc (like Google)
* Operating environment will be through web for now