# Client Meeting on 4/12/2024

## Meeting Start Time
2024/04/12/16:00

## Meeting End Time
2024/04/12/16:40

## Location/Medium
Microsoft Teams

## Present
Ameco, Brennan, Haley, Yabets, Anna, Jeff

## Minute Recorder
Haley

## Topics Discussed
* 5th Iteration Feedback
  * FAQ - New questions to be added to reflect new business model
    * Anna is going to send us a list of new FAQ's to list
  * Home Page
    * Add "How it Works" and "Why we Do It" so that users don't get confused on what the website is about
    * Make Footer green 
      * Ameco has color to be added
  * Products page & Cart page
    * Make background white instead of light pink 
* Deployment Instructions
  * We linked Jeff to our project's deployment & development page
  * Jeff is going to test it out this weekend and email us if he has any issues

## Things Clarified
* Meeting with Anna & Jeff on Wednesday @ 11AM to do hand-off of software

## Client Use of the Project
* How did the client use the software?
  * Microsoft Teams
* What features did they test in your software?
  * They were mainly interested in using the updated style quiz and what results 
    it would produce. The majority of the website was the same except for styling
    changes, so there wasn't anything new for them to test out.
* How long did they use your software?
  * Majority of the meeting was spent with them going through each of the pages, seeing the new design changes,
    and testing out the new style quiz.
* How was their reaction to the software?
  * They really enjoyed the design changes that we made, there was some minor changes requested that we're going to 
    implement before Monday.
  * They were happy with how much more accurate the style quiz was compared to what they previously saw
* Did you recognize anything unusual/different/good/bad?
  * No
* Issues (any usability, functionality, etc issues)
  * No